Tuesday, May 24 at the coconut night of Rimini took place the gala evening
dedicated to the B series players and company executives were
rewarded with the oscars of the cadets category. ici fruit of the
voting of the mysteries series of which left no doubt in which we see tonight
because it was
restaurant archeology other professional technicians and hyenas
voted people who work like
back to high school the b series this is a great honor for me
ferrari the family addams streaming
normal that
I found an ideal environment like citadel
I hope Sunday reaches wisdom acknowledgments
the atanta awarded as the best team together with siena for manager
of the Nerazzurri the gabriele zamagna from Rimini tables with the happy mind of
having received
I bought this award acasamia rimini among many
so many so many acquaintances a thing that fills my crowning pride
of a season
eheh beautiful with attack one
a great promotion
it is a prize for a greeting representative of a noble society
and glorious as the ancestor so I'm really proud of this ex
and very very happy this evening other players have been delivered i
journalist awards, gazette of sport gianluca di marzio marco union
cattaneo questions series b with
so many surprises with so many young talents beautiful only this see guys
young as there was you like in alessano
androd ovi store center padova livorno
good luck on all the players you should be seeing
if from 16 confirms
tank and laboratory for ferrara young future champions special prize
alfredo pedullà valentina sportitalia latter ballarini in theme
indie journalist beppe
conducted the entire evening that will meet next year with
fifth edition of the top 11 gala of the b series